the prophet Muhammad s. wasallam told us
whoever builds a mosque for Allah Allah
will build for him a similar house in
jenah and we know the great reward that
will not only be gained but rather will
fill your grave after your death
whenever someone prays there whenever
someone gives Shada in the Masid
whenever someone learns something in the
Masid yes that will be something that
you will have on your scale
[Music]
how are you guys doing I'm joined with a
wonderful man uh a champion in his own
right uh a man I'm not I'm not going to
I'm
not we usually
do I'm joined with Zan Ali come on yes
big do you see I've done it I didn't
turn it around at all alhamdulillah I
think the viewers uh have you know
they're used to it now there too much
now we've overdone it we've overkilled
it definitely today what we're going to
be talking about and we thought about
some interesting videos and and the
objective of this video actually first
and foremost is to show or to give
encouragement to people to continue
doing the Palestinian activism now
months and months after the conflict we
we're approaching effectively a year
after October the 7th now if you think
about it like it was almost a year like
wow we we need to continue the good work
and so I thought to myself let's give
people credit today mhm
you know and um what we decided to do is
have a list of you know the five most
influential or most impactful or most
significant people outside of our own
daos spere yeah okay because we don't
want to this make this you know self
congratulating exercise people who have
contributed to the Palestine cause
you're going to give me your five I'll
give you my five and um people can
decide and put in their comments who
they think also has done a great job
obviously we're not going to include
ourselves cuz the number one there's no
doubt about that number one position
yeah yeah that's right we can't put
ourselves in there but let's give credit
actually let's start off by giv credit
but you know why that's important I
think it's a good behavior to instill as
well because negative things and and bad
experiences will always happen and the
thing is it doesn't get more worse than
the the Palestine issue um in terms of
the D so of course when other things
happen in your life yes you should you
know mourn and and yes you should be
upset and that should motivate change
but also when good things happen you
should give it their due right and
attention as well and if a person is
skewed only to the negative side it's it
actually it's well it's good point it's
good point studies wise they say that
you have a lower life expectancy as well
people that are pessimistic yeah
pessimistic critical repudiatory all the
time like we do we do a lot of
reputational videos and I think it's
only right from time to time also that
we we encourage people we praise people
because too much negativity is never
good for anyone um I think before we say
that we said we're not going to include
people in our own sphere of dawa and so
on in then the list because that would
just be kind of self-defeating or self-
congratulating really is it I think we
should before we we give our respective
lists give credit to people in the daere
a lot of them have done excellent
excellent work so for example Daniel has
an excellent work hasn't he in the
Palestine conflict Aman has done
excellent work himself he's he's come on
the next freed show he's he's he's
always posting on on Twitter to be fair
also y khadi has an excellent work I've
seen him be very vocal going to the
campsites and stuff like that and these
guys are in our own sphere we've have we
have people like Jake metaphysician he
went on the was one of the best actually
performances but it was more low radar
and he went on and done really good
against this James whale uh character
abdalah and deloi yes now he's he is the
backbone really of in you know of this
conflict in terms of um intellectual
arguments in the dhere yeah I would say
so I mean he he he teaches us a lot of
the the arguments and stuff like abdy
he's seriously has encyclopedic
knowledge on this and he's always on
he's online and stuff like that so he's
excellent I think what's important that
a lot of people don't realize is social
media is heavily skewed against Pro
Palestinian activism and a lot of these
brothers even with big channels medium
channels even small channels and Pages
they have been shadow baned their
content has been restricted right and
it's really put them in you know it's
really got them to reflect about you
know what this is you know for some
people it's their livelihood and a lot
of people have sacrificed a lot so even
if you haven't made it onto the list uh
you knew you know yourself why you've
done it and we're human beings and we're
very limited and we can there's only so
much that we've seen and that we can
kind of communicate but yeah we're we're
going to get it wrong but it's just it's
subjective at the end of the day um so
there's lots of people in that was feel
M Adnan who was we were working together
ontical content news I was extremely
proud of him he went on the James whale
show as well done really well Dilly
Hussein he done very well and he's
continually doing great work but these
are guys once again we're all in a
circle we don't want to but I I would
that's it's very interesting you mention
that like critical content news it's a
very small puny
so you know it's like a Blog Page
or Community page but
alhamdulillah s2j news you know me you
know what now you've mentioned the chj
news S2 oh my God but even like s2j news
bro like uh alhamdulillah we're dealing
with volunteers you're dealing with
volunteers as well we're not dealing
with I want to give actually I think
it's only right now that I I I I mention
some of the volunteers people in my
organization has done really great work
like uh tar you know T Kur he's
absolutely excellent Shakir he was doing
a lot of the research bro behind the
scenes and you know him um how
intelligent and on the ball and sharp he
has been uh fantastic Shamir uh another
newcomer you've met him really good work
Osman you've met him and he's he's done
some things as well for um CTIC content
news and a host of other people as well
in C content I mentioned already M Adan
um Abu Bakr the the camera and Graphics
guy from our perspective great work do
you want to mention any of your guys
yeah um I think definitely Aisha has
been very supportive um she's pretty
much kept the page going really yeah bro
like masallah really really helpful
since the beginning the has been good
and of course because it's volunteers
people have come and they've gone but
the contribution that they've given even
at the onset of the conflict that's
going it's not even a conflict the
genocide a massacre um so yeah just
alhamdulillah anyone and everyone that's
that's right because I don't think we
give these people enough credit another
person I I should mention and he's a
great mentor of mine and really I know
this guy he's one of the best leaders if
not the best leader I've ever seen big
up Hamza you know what I going to say
it's Hamza I always say it myself
hamza's yeah he's he's engaged on the
ground he's he's he's actually sapiens
Institute which we're working with he's
he's allowed some of the funds to be
used cuz he's in charge of all the funds
he's he's the CEO of the organization so
he's allowed some of the funds a big
chunk of it to be used in creating books
courses um you guys have released a book
in it relas three book three books three
books bro and it's free as well it's
free my one's called double standards
who I co-authored with a guy called jod
McIntyre who's actually running for
election now uhhuh fantastic guy himself
in his own right and uh a brilliant
brilliant uh kind-hearted warm-hearted
guy who deserves his credit in his own
right I'm going to miss somebody out in
this you know we mentioned Five Pillars
and all of our organizations but before
we mention outside I think it is right
to at least give all these people
honorable mentions Ali dawa you know his
his channel has been used and your
channel of course have been used
vociferously in the cause uh so much so
that they're targeting them and so you
know there's lots of people we can we
can mention but let's let's get our list
let's get the lists let's do this so I
don't know like should we start with
number five uh in no particular order no
particular order okay okay particular
order particular order I think
particular more interesting okay give me
your five give me your five top five all
right so what number one for me in this
would be did you want to start with
start with five okay start with five so
starting with five i' probably say ham
Shay really yeah because everyone's like
there are a lot of sports stars that
have stood up for Palestine and said
what they've said and it's all being
appreciated but Hamza chay's speech was
very unique when I think he said it in
Chen and he he actually said what a lot
of people were feeling that's true and
he said it with such Zeal and he said it
on a stage that the guy has the
potential of losing it all the guy was
like if you know it makes me want to
pick up arms and and join and help them
yeah it's a it's a dangerous thing to
say for man of his position and I'm
paraphrasing but and I heard he's
already received some kind of back back
from he can't get to the United States
maybe that's the reason why maybe it's
other reasons but the the the thing with
hamzat is yeah I think a lot of us saw
the The Vicious side of him okay um and
the you know the crazy side of him you
know in the ring and in the press
conference and stuff like that but when
we met him we saw the humble side of him
we saw The Human Side of him and I think
we all saw The Human Side of him when he
there was one time he was asked about
the Palestine conflict and he just said
something like it hurts and he was
visibly emotional and I think that made
him like more respected in the eyes of
so many people Muslims and nonm Muslims
alike more so than most of his fights
because we saw the compassionate side
and there's something beautiful and
virtuous about a strong man with
compassion and there is one thing that
you're just fighting opponents in a ring
yeah that you just fighting for the sake
of fighting or fighting for fame and
money but when you're fighting it's what
made Muhammad Ali um cross over that
boundary and become one of the greats it
was because of his stance in Vietnam
yeah yeah yeah exactly yes yes yes and
that's what made him and Martin Luther
King said you know you may disagree with
him but you got to respect what he's
standing for absolutely right and Hamza
chv is is definitely kind of
demonstrated that and we definitely saw
it firsthand as well yeah cuz he he's
further than other sports Muslim Sports
people in in like what he wants to say I
my number five is uh lowkey U he's not
strictly speaking part of the daos feere
he's obviously very close to Us hamza's
close to us we both met him and done
interviews with him as well but you know
lowkey the reason why is because number
one he's consistency he has a very
consistent record number two his
arguments are really watertight he's one
of the people that I actually take
Knowledge from in this area like I would
sit down and take notes from and stuff
like that number three is because of his
you know continuous output his
continuous output and he puts himself in
play in positions which are which could
get many people in trouble but because
of these reasons and he done obviously a
really excellent interview on Piers
Morgan um we've had him here on this
sofa we've we've done a podcast with him
and he was you know giving us all the
information he really tracks down the
funding and where these people are
getting their money from and who's you
know being funded by who and yeah I'm
I'm surprised that he memorizes all of
that stuff
it's almost you know like M like you
know the Hadith um tradition where you
got chain of narration he's he's he has
a chain of narration a Genesis of where
everyone's getting their money what's
the motivation because let's be honest a
lot of people are motivated by money and
this is the reason why on the
pro-israeli side people are where they
are positioned because they're being
paid by somebody and he he's he's
actually lifted the veil on that yeah
who's who's your number
four uh number four I'd probably say
Norman fle
now Norman finin he's he's been old
schooled in this yes he's been there
since since I can remember and his books
are really thoroughly researched he's a
scholar to the highest Eminence and he
just hasn't been appreciated there was
one clip the Holocaust clip of his that
went virals yeah crocodile tears there
have been Clips here and there but
that's been the but the guy has H so
much to offer yes and it's only now that
he's really kind of being appreciated
like in terms of
Academia yeah definitely the guy would
be at the top but obviously we're
talking about influence in different
Realms and different aspects and facets
I was p number my my number four Bassam
YF um reason he's not strictly in the
obviously not in the doubts spere and we
have different opinions or and people
will be like why are you mentioning this
person and that person the other person
we're not agreeing with all their
stances yes of course just to be I mean
we have to mention this but we have to
be mature about this we're talking about
those who have who have had an impact
yes and his his two interviews with um
with pi Morgan were the most watched
ones yes okay and they were not just
only watched by people in the english-
speaking sphere they were they were also
very much watched by people in the
arabic speaking sphere people must
realize that his language his first
language is Arabic mhm and so for
someone whose English is a foreign
language to them that's actually
extremely impressive for him to be able
to communicate in that way in in the
English language which is not his first
language and to then do it through the
medium of comedy comedy means that you
have a certain Mastery of that language
cuz you can only be funny in a language
yeah you cannot be comedic and not
rhetorical at the same time yes so he's
so now he's he's he used this kind of
like I would say sarcastic style to
Great affect the first time with PE it
was fantastic and he kept using that and
and the thing is what made me put him in
this list is not just his two interviews
with pi Morgan but also his subsequent
interviews with so many different
hostile interviewers recently had one
with trigonometry who they they told me
to come in but I knew that they had an
issue and stuff like that so I put some
conditions I said let me film it as well
at the same time and they didn't respond
to that because I didn't want anything
to be cut up or anything like that he
went on that show and uh what what he
done there was fantastic he answered all
their questions and he's been doing that
consistently and for example pbd he went
on the pbd podcast and fantastically I
was actually quite impressed with his
argumentative ability because he's a
comedian a comedian doesn't necessarily
have to have the ability to construct
arguments in a coherent coherent and
consistent fashion he he seems to have a
really good grasp of some of the
historical aspects he's now even delving
into I saw something recently with him
and M Hassan into some of the biblical
aspects the red heer and all that kind
of stuff he yes he's you know he's he's
kind of spreading his tentacles and uh
being consistent in that so I think that
he deserves to be on this list uh he's
definitely like um I think he's my
number three okay and the reason being
because now when he came he completely
took the the whole issue by surprise
like people didn't expect somebody
that's Pro Palestinian in a conversation
in which it's only meant to go one way
do you condemn Hamas do you acknowledge
what happened on October 7th and this
and that the guy completely threw a
curveball if you actually look at PE
Morgan's body language and like it's it
was it was something that even it I
would say it broke the internet because
of the amount of acceptance it got
because a lot of people when it comes to
Muslims or anything related to Muslims
we're seen as angry we're seen as you
know violent aggressive but this guy
completely broke the stereotype some
people have even said that this guy has
been an integral and important thorn in
the backside of Israel that's stopped
them from you know justifying and doing
worse actions that they have no I'm
impressed it was it was definitely a
cultural moment um his interviews with
pi Morgan there a cultural moment and
frankly probably historical one as well
man if we're being honest if we go for
number three my number three is probably
Abby Martin uhhuh but she had a really
good interview with Joe Rogan okay so
Joe Rogan has seen as one of the top
podcasts and the way that she delivered
the thing is she as a woman obvious she
has more of a compassionate you know
kind of approach to it yes and she is
able to once again relay information in
a very methodical but also coherent
fashion and her recent discussion with
pis Morgan and the uh the son of the
Hamas leader you know that was brilliant
as well that she was able to finish him
off in a very classy way and we done a
reaction video to that but it's also
that she has a a track record of
supporting the cause and that's always
what's going to be the decider in these
kinds of lists for you to be top five
she has a track record of that and so
with all that kind of thing I put as
number three actually mhm i' wouldd
probably say alongside her or in the
same breath like M
Hass you know honestly I I'm not putting
him in the top five here because he's
been a little bit more reserved this
time and and look Mahi Hassan is a in my
in my estimation anyway he's probably
one of the best public speakers in the
United Kingdom he's a worldclass public
speaker that's how I consider it I
consider myself somewhat of a
connoisseur for these days things as you
know like we talk about that he his
rhetorical style his ability to debate
he's actually he wrote a book on
debating he did how how not to lose any
argument or something like that I've
read some of the chapters on that book
very interesting book uh not bad Mahi
Hassan his his debate on the Islam thing
P Morgan one was absolutely fantastic no
no he's good he is always going to bring
forward worldclass perform see it was
like he he he transcended the interview
format of PE Morgan he was like come on
but P Morgan was throwing things that
would throw any other person off but
because Abby Martin M Hass they seasoned
in this topic they were able to Rattle
names off like it was nothing yeah and
they know what's going on they know
exactly what game is playing being
played I mean remember M Hassan is
usually the one who asks the question
he's usually the interrogator that's
usually the format that he likes to
debate in or discuss in and that his
most experien in and so to be put on the
back foot it's good for him because for
us to know who's an around in public
speaker they need to be versatile we
need to put we need to be we need to see
them as as interrogated but also the
interrogated but also the interrogated
in the Pod on the podium on the street
whatever so the fact that he was able to
perform very well in that format showed
that he was he's good as good on the
back foot as he is on the front foot um
and so yeah M Hassan is always going to
be like you know we saw his debate with
in the I think it was O University on
Islam after I saw that debate and many
of other performances I I knew this
guy's world class actually he is
actually world class the reason why I
didn't put him in my top five is only
because he seemed like I'm watching him
some of his stuff on Twitter now and he
seems a little bit reluctant and I don't
know who is basically trying to sorry to
put this but
please um you know this whole thing
about overcompensating about
anti-Semitism and this is this person's
an anti-semite and stuff is it it
detracts from the force of what we're
trying to accomplish so his liberal
sensibilities definitely have kind of
been the anchor that's been pulling him
down from bring from showing his true
potential yeah because if he lets those
punches go yeah I mean he will be he
could easily top the list he a person
with his Charisma and capabilities can
top the list but if if he tries to
um credit with credit is due I think he
did have a slot on um I think it was on
MSNBC and he had an interview with one
of the Israeli officials in which I mean
there were Clips going around in which
he absolutely embarrassed the guy no no
he does very well and people of the
opinion that straight after that
interview that that's it like his his
contract was not renewed came to an end
and he's had to start off his own media
organization Z so so I mean there is
definitely there is a bit he's he's
taking he's taking punches as well for
the course who's number two for you for
for me number
two it's it's difficult it's it's a toss
toss up between both of these um I'd
probably say it's it's very difficult it
depends how you see mhm um I would say
icj okay so you put an organization
there yeah I'm putting an organization
the icj uh reason being because well icj
South Africa have have taken it to a
legalistic um Maan would you say would
you say that this is South South
Africa's initiative then would you give
South Africa oh for sure for sure yeah
in particular the um the foreign
minister of South Africa she's done
really excellently yes yes so South
Africa taking this initiative being a
country that's seen and witnessed
apartheid now working to combat it
whilst on the other hand we see Germany
that have witnessed again atrocities but
still being on the side of the oppressor
and still not having learned their
lesson there's a clear disparity between
South Africa and Germany and and the
credit where credit is due South Africa
has definitely empowered the people on
the pro Palestinian STS in discussions
and in debates uh giving them the
academic backing I think Norman finlin
was saying just reading their report
that they submitting that they submitted
for people that want to read about this
issue that's a really good starting
point it gives you that strong academic
um backing to kind of get involved in
this so they definitely have tied that
box for us okay yeah I mean I I agree I
think South Africa is or the for
minister of South Africa she's done an
excellent job and she's done something
that you know Muslim leaders should have
done frankly right but who I put number
two and this is is going to be
controversial what is George Galloway uh
and the reason why is because he has a
consistent track record and he's very
very strong on this cause now people
will say well how can you put him and
you know what he's saying about what he
what he agrees especially from our our
circles will say you know what his views
are on the Syrian thing and and the
weager issue on these issues we
diametrically opposed to his views right
but then again if you look at the whole
of the list there's people in there that
we diametrically oppose to their views
on other areas religion Society like M
Hassan this person that person we all we
differ on the certain issues Li
liberalism or this or that LGBT I don't
know what Abby Martin's views on LGBT is
I mean for example I'm I'm just saying
if it's if that's the thing we're not
going to praise anyone here yeah we're
talking specifically and strictly about
the Palestine conflict yes and if we're
doing that then George Galloway has to
be put there up there because um he's
been consistent and his voice has been
extremely strong and once again in terms
of his ability to articulate an argument
really there's only few people in the
last 50 to 100 years in the United
Kingdom who can do it as good as George
Galloway bro and this is for anyone who
knows about public speaking will be able
to recognize that immediately he knows
how to put people in their place he done
it with the Iraq War he was the number
one figure in the Iraq War the United
Kingdom and he's been so consistent with
the Palestine cause we've seen what he's
been posting on Twitter we've seen that
he's uh run elections and done this and
that and the other so frankly he
deserves credit no doubt about the
system such that he had to I think it
was night time when Runa came outside to
kind of condemn his
victory exactly so if if you're if
you're if you're getting the P PM the
prime minister of a country to respond
to you that shows that there's impact
here bro and so that's one thing and not
just respond to do an emergency response
and this kind of thing so we have to
give credit where credit is Du he's he's
been phenomenal in that regard and if
you look at his debating history bro I
mean people don't know this but he's
debated Christopher Hitchens who was
considered to be one of the greatest
aors for for these guys atheists and the
secularists and the Liberals and
whatever maybe of all time for them and
he destroyed him and have you ever
watched a debate between him and on Iraq
war if you watch that debate you'll see
it's one of the most interesting debates
I've ever I've ever watched and he gave
him the decisive blow and
even Avid kind of fans of George of um
Christopher Hitchens would say that he
lost that debate that day so the guy is
a force even when he was um doing the
brexit thing because he was on Pro
brexit when Nigel farage who we refuted
last week was introducing him he had to
introduce him as one of the greatest
orators in Britain or something like
that really yeah he's it's well known if
you just watch him in in certain in
certain discussions he'll throw
Shakespeare in the middle of the all the
all the um perfumes of Arabia wouldn't
be able to do you know that's that's a
Shakespearean quote so he's got the the
r he's got rhetoric to a very high level
he's got the argumentative uh Power and
he's got the political savviness someone
of his level has to be put up there for
me as number who would you put as number
one now let's uh as number one I think
um for me it was a tossup between um
these guys and the icj but for me I
think definitely they have been the eyes
and ears of the umah of the pro
Palestinian cause on the ground without
these guys we would not see what's going
on indeed social media does have you
know and has played its part wonderfully
and immaculately however when it comes
to authentic reporting where it actually
matters and you know doing it within the
system is been Al jazer and again like
you said lot can be said about Al jazer
but the thing is they have definitely um
being the eyes and ears and not only
being the eyes and ears but they have
significantly risk their position on a
worldwide stage and they they have a lot
of people to please but
the showing us what's going on not
compromising that regard and keeping
their footing on an international level
it's a very difficult balance and not
everybody can do it and I think on top
of that um they were even allowed in
Israel as well Israel they they had this
you know understanding with Israel and
speaking to an Israeli Jewish lady at
speaker Corner she was saying that Al
jazer was our only source of of seeing
the Palestinian side because the way
they are presented what's going on it's
very one-sided it's very
propagandized so Al jazer was definitely
something um unique a light in a dark
room but now Al jazer has been retracted
and Al jazer is no longer running from
there and is not being shown over there
as well which is unsurprising but the
role that they played is absolutely
phenomenal and in that there's there's
in the Arabic J the Arabic the Arabic Al
has been much better than the English
one by the way I mean if if you think
the English one is good the Arabic one
is like double doubly as good right they
had this one guy he's M his name is FaZe
D now this guy is phenomenal bro yeah oh
he is like in terms of knowing cuz he's
a military strategist he comes from like
um Jordanian background and stuff and he
was a military strategist he went to
different schools and stuff like that um
so much so that you know on Hamas there
there's a clip went viral m Hamas used
the rocket launcher to destroy one of
the you know the tanks or something like
that and then after it blew up he said
the guy
said uh Analyze This du he said yeah he
said that as he was blowing up and it
went viral in the in the Arab world wow
um this guy he knows all the weapons and
most of what he says strategically pans
out everyone is watching him oh damn
it's is is so it's like do you know when
you watch match of the day live no well
match of the day live like football and
stuff or you've watched a football match
International Football and then
afterwards you have like Gary Lino or
something like that yeah look up Gary L
he's good as well right he's been
fantastic as well palestinia thing yeah
yeah so you have and then he's telling
you this is what happened this is like
fa D when it comes to on the ground he's
been so good bro I used to be addicted
to watching his videos every morning I
watched the video watching and watch
that's not good bro you shouldn't be
addicted bro like that's not love up his
videos he's EXC I wouldn't put him as
number one because in we're talking
mostly about the English sphere by the
way in the Arabic sphere he's number one
out really oh there's no question in
terms of like for me the one who's had
impact and everyone goes to and the you
know is is is D but in the English spere
I would put Norman frl Stein as number
one really yeah because the thing is
there's not many people actually there's
no one on in the world who has been able
to contribute to Academia as he has he's
the only one who's written a book on and
and he's the only I think there's no
more voluminous output than his if you
look at the bibliographies of his book
it's clearly the most he's the clearly
Head and Shoulders above every other
human being on the face of the planet
most researched person on this issue you
know um there was a time I don't know if
I told you this like when I done a
master's degree in the beginning when I
finished at the first master's degree
I've ever done was in history right that
was the first one I've done and then I
actually skipped to a PhD okay at this
time I was living a rough life and
didn't have that much money yeah you you
know my my story and I started a PhD and
I started a PhD in one of the
universities in in London and um and it
was on the Palestine conflict really
yeah I started a PhD on the Palestine
conflict and I even wrote you know
thousands of of words and stuff now two
things at that time I didn't have money
to fund it MH so I you know they wanted
like a a yearly thing and secondly I had
to start working and stuff to make money
so I actually just I completely the PHD
this was a long time ago I started doing
came and he helped you with it no the
reason why I mentioned this is I now do
my PhD now I'm not doing it in the
Palestine conflict I'm doing a
completely different field philosophy of
religion whatever part of the reason
which made me not want to continue doing
a PhD is when I was doing the literature
review and I read his works I thought
you know there's there's a phrase in in
Arabic no which there's no hij after the
when people said do another of yeah
after which
is's one people say was no need you got
that one honestly his Works made me feel
like it's been done made you feel
pathetic no it's like whatever I want to
contribute here and I had a particular
thesis and very specific thing he's
talked about it in a better way I'm
going to put my my my my efforts
elsewhere but the point is is that I
I've read all of his books I'm not sure
all of them let's just say for the V
major most of them yes of course I find
it very difficult to read no no no I've
read I've read them and that in addition
to the fact that he's now become a
cultural icon and a representative of
this thing we saw his recent debate with
Lex Freedom against this this uh guy
Destiny who completely humiliated
him excellent it was like watching like
a professional uh boxer fight a lay man
from the streets homeless guy yeah yeah
you know it was so he's he's he debates
he's debated he's debated Benny Morris
who's he's seen as like probably the
best historian from the other side who
by the way in his books yeah in his
books he refutes Benny Morris he's he's
debated he's written books he's appeared
on different shows he's done everything
possible and so because people get his
their arguments from him yeah the
influence must therefore be attributed
to him yes that's why I put him as
number one because of the consistency of
the record he's been obsessed with this
thing for 30 years I think it would be
wrong not to not to put him there so I
put him as number one and that's and
that's our lists guys yeah I think we
definitely got carried away with that
video well I think it's only right don't
you think cuz we always refute people
and attack them I think it's right
sometimes to praise them as well because
look the the now the conflict has
reached a stage where let's be honest
people are getting tired of it and the
protagonist of this conflict from our
side from the cultural and you know
influential side they are the ones who
also need to continue working so I want
to give great thanks to you guys we're
all eternally grateful for your for your
contributions to the Palestine cause and
continue doing the great work because in
the future W in the future 10 years 20
years 30 years from now this will be
history people will be writing about
this in schools people talking about
this reading about this in historical
books so your work as the influencers
your work as cultural
contributors as knowledge producers yes
is essential mhm and l words
broam
alayum hey you are you wasting your time
on social media again your brothers and
sisters in Islam net from Norway are
establishing a mid a DA Center
establishing a Masid to convey The
Message of Islam is one of the best
Deeds a Muslim can do there's a huge
need for it in Norway you know this and
I know this so that makes the reward
even greater so give generously and
Allah will give you even more